Clarify CLI (#8866)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation.md

:::note CLI compatibility

> The dbt CLI is a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> tool available to users on any [available plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing). It is intended for use only with the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> and may conflict with local installations of the <Constant name="core" /> or <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> CLIs. See [FAQs](#faqs) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <Constant name="platform_cli" /> is a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> tool available to users on any [plan](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing). It is intended for use only with the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> and may conflict with local installations of the <Constant name="core" /> or <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> CLIs. Refer to the [FAQs](#faqs) for more information.
```

:::

dbt commands run against the platform's infrastructure and benefit from:

* Secure credential storage in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />
* [Automatic deferral](/docs/cloud/about-cloud-develop-defer) of build artifacts to your project's production environment 
* Speedier, lower-cost builds
* Support for dbt Mesh ([cross-project `ref`](/docs/mesh/govern/project-dependencies))
* Significant platform improvements, to be released over the coming months

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-cli-overview.jpg" title="Diagram of how the dbt CLI works with dbt's infrastructure to run dbt commands from your local command line." />

## Prerequisites

The <Constant name="platform_cli" /> is available in all [deployment regions](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) and for both multi-tenant and single-tenant accounts.

> - For the best dbt CLI experience, install the platform CLI on a machine that doesn't already have the <Constant name="core" /> or <Constant name="fusion" /> CLI installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the best <Constant name="platform_cli" /> experience, install the platform CLI on a machine that doesn't already have the <Constant name="core" /> or <Constant name="fusion" /> CLI installed.
```

Reviewer: Hiya Matt

I checked the docs and I didn't see any pages use the phrase "platform CLI" (I could have missed it). Unless it's a new way of referring to the CLI, it might be best to rephrase?

Author: We're playing it a little fast and loose with the language so folks don't get it confused with other CLI tools. We got a soft "yes" from our internal teams to do this. Good catch!

- If you installed the <Constant name="core" /> CLI in a virtual environment, deactivate that environment or create an alias for the platform CLI before you run platform CLI commands.
- If you installed the <Constant name="fusion" /> CLI locally, create an alias for the platform CLI before you run platform CLI commands.

> See the [FAQs](#faqs) for more information about managing multiple dbt CLI tools and creating an alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [FAQs](#faqs) for more information about managing multiple dbt CLI tools and creating an alias.
```

> Refer to the [FAQs](#faqs) for more information about managing multiple dbt CLI tools and creating an alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [FAQs](#faqs) for more information about managing multiple <Constant name="platform_cli" /> tools and creating an alias.
```

If you already have dbt Core installed, the <Constant name="platform_cli" /> may conflict. Here are some considerations:

- **Prevent conflicts** <br /> Use both the <Constant name="platform_cli" /> and <Constant name="core" /> with `pip` and create a new virtual environment.<br /><br />

> - **Use both <Constant name="platform_cli" /> and <Constant name="core" /> with brew or native installs** <br /> If you use Homebrew, consider aliasing the <Constant name="platform_cli" /> as "dbt-cli" to avoid conflict. For more details, check the [FAQs](#faqs) if your operating system experiences path conflicts.<br /><br />

Reviewer: Hiya Matt

Should that reference to dbt-cli also be back-ticked? ie "`dbt-cli`"?

Author: Good question - in this case since we're telling the reader how to spell it out rather than referencing it in action, the quotes are appropriate
